THE ROCKET PROJECT

----------------*
OVERVIEW
----------------*

The goal of this project is to build a rocket that can control its flight.
This document is meant to explicitly define what a controlled flight is 
and what the current plans are to achieve such.

To support the rocketry component of this project, I'll also be learning how
to create a database, a web server, an API, apps for android and iPhone to control the
rocket and a web page with an overview of the project, a blog, and an admin console
for viewing flight data. 

----------------*
INSPIRATION
----------------*

My goal is to someday work on a machine that will fly
in space. These machines are big. They have millions of parts and thousands
of people who work on them. They are incredibly cost prohibitive. I want to
have some of that experience, but on a much smaller scale. A model rocket is
the obvious solution. I'm not the first with this idea, however, though
I do plan on making it my own.

If you want to see my initial inspiration, view this YouTube channel:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg

----------------*
REQUIREMENTS
----------------*

The rocket must be able to: 

1. Track and record important measurements such as the following:
    1a. Height
    2a. Velocity
    3a. Acceleration
    4a. Direction / Heading

2. Use the measurements above to take off, control its flight, and land
at a pre-programmed location.

3. Read commands from the iOS and Android Apps.

The launch pad must be able to:

1. Hold the rocket in position till it is ready to launch.
2. Read commands from the iOS and Android apps.

The iOS and Android apps must be able to:

1. Send commands to the rocket. (i.e. launch) 
2. Read data from the rocket
3. Send that data to the web server

The web serer must: 

1. Read in and store flight data from the iOS and Android applications.
2. Securely store user information from the webpage.
3. Provide a simple API for the admin console and apps to communicate with.

The web page must:

1. Present a record of the project's advancements and setbacks (blog)
2. Have an overview of the project itself for visitors.
3. Allow administrative access to the database. 


-------------*
STEPS
-------------*

There is a lot I'll have to learn to complete this project and many goals I'll have to set. 


1. Learn how to write API documentation and create the documentation for the Web Server API
	- Define what it needs to do and not do.
2. Learn how to manage and operate a mySQL databse, install it on your site, and retreive and store data in it. 
3. Determine which language your server should be written in.
4. Determine which technologies you should write the front-end of the site in.





